docs(azure): how to use Azure Cloud Shell (#86)
lacework/terraform-provisioning: azure/AZURE_CLOUD_SHELL.md

# Azure Cloud Shell
The Azure Cloud Shell is an embedded terminal/command-line interface that can be used within the Azure
Portal.  Cloud Shell automatically authenticates you with Azure AD and comes with tools like the Azure
CLI and Terraform pre-installed to manage and automate your Azure environment.

These instructions will show you how to get up-and-running with Lacework, Terraform and the Azure Cloud Shell.
The only requirement we need is that your [Azure User](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts) has
the following permissions:
- **Global Administrator** privileges in Active Directory

> - **Owner Role** at the Subscription level

Author: Yes, they both are! 💯

# Azure Cloud Shell
The Azure Cloud Shell is an embedded terminal/command-line interface that can be used within the Azure
Portal. Once you access the Cloud Shell it automatically authenticates you with Azure AD, additionally,

> it has the Azure CLI and some other popular open source tools, like Terraform.

Reviewer: I would update this to say...

```
Cloud Shell automatically authenticates you with Azure AD and comes with tools like the Azure CLI and Terraform pre-installed to manage and automate your Azure environment.
```

These instructions will show you how to get up-and-running with Lacework, Terraform and the Azure Cloud Shell.

## Open Azure Cloud Shell within Azure Portal
To open the Azure Cloud Shell, you simply click on the Cloud Shell icon in the header bar of the Azure Portal,
and it will open the Cloud Shell in a pane at the bottom of the browser. By default it configures a PowerShell

> prompt but you could switch to a Bash prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Shell defaults to PowerShell, but you can also switch to a Bash prompt if you prefer.
```

![Open Azure Cloud Shell](../img/azure-cloud-shell-open.png)

__NOTE: If you are using a Bash prompt you will have to substitute the environment variable `$env:HOME` for `$HOME`.__

## Create $env:HOME/bin directory
We will need to install a couple of binaries into your Cloud Shell terminal, start by creating `bin/` directory
inside your home directory and add it to the `$env:PATH` environment variable, this will make the binaries available
regardless of the directory we are located.
```
PS /home/salim> mkdir -p $env:HOME/bin
PS /home/salim> $env:PATH = "$env:HOME/bin:$env:PATH"
```

__NOTE: If you are using a Bash prompt you will have to substitute the environment variable `$env:HOME` and `$env:PATH`
for `$HOME` and `$PATH` respectively.__

## Install the Lacework CLI

> The Lacework Command Line Interface is a tool that helps you manage the Lacework cloud security platform. You can use
> it to manage compliance reports, external integrations, vulnerability scans, and other operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lacework Command Line Interface is a tool that helps you manage the Lacework cloud security platform. You can use it to manage compliance reports, external integrations, vulnerability scans, and other operations. Once configured, the Lacework's Terraform provider can leverage the CLI's configuration including API keys for accounts you want to configure.
```

editing files, use the following command to create a Terraform template named `main.tf`.
```
PS /home/salim> code main.tf
```

Inside this file add the following code snippet that will configure both, Azure Compliance and Activity Log
Integrations. The code leverages our Terraform modules to create resources in you Azure Portal as well as
connecting such resources to you Lacework account. To customize these modules look at the [following input
parameters](https://github.com/lacework/terraform-provisioning/tree/master/azure#inputs).

```hcl
provider "azuread" {}

provider "azurerm" {
  version = "2.26"
  features {}
}

provider "lacework" {}

module "az_config" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/lacework/terraform-provisioning.git//azure/modules/config?ref=master"
}

module "az_activity_log" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/lacework/terraform-provisioning.git//azure/modules/activity_log?ref=master"

  use_existing_ad_application = true
  application_id              = module.az_config.application_id
  application_password        = module.az_config.application_password
  service_principal_id        = module.az_config.service_principal_id
}

> ```

Reviewer: @afiune should we mention something about version pinning here? `ref=tags/v0.2.1` We might want to have link to this...

https://github.com/lacework/terraform-provisioning/releases
